# 59. Bulls and Cows
### Difficulty: Medium
You are playing the Bulls and Cows game with your friend. <br/> You write down a secret number and ask your friend to guess what the number is. When your friend makes a guess, you provide a hint with the following info: <br/> The number of "bulls", which are digits in the guess that are in the correct position. <br/> The number of "cows", which are digits in the guess that are in your secret number but are located in the wrong position. Specifically, the non-bull digits in the guess that could be rearranged such that they become bulls. <br/> Given the secret number secret and your friend's guess guess, return the hint for your friend's guess. <br/> The hint should be formatted as "xAyB", where x is the number of bulls and y is the number of cows. Note that both secret and guess may contain duplicate digits. <br/>   <br/><b>- Example</b> 1: <br/> Input: secret = "1807", guess = "7810" <br/> Output: "1A3B" <br/> Explanation: Bulls are connected with a '|' and cows are underlined: <br/> "1807" <br/>   | <br/> "7810" <br/> <br/><b>- Example</b> 2: <br/> Input: secret = "1123", guess = "0111" <br/> Output: "1A1B" <br/> Explanation: Bulls are connected with a '|' and cows are underlined: <br/> "1123"        "1123" <br/>   |      or     | <br/> "0111"        "0111" <br/> Note that only one of the two unmatched 1s is counted as a cow since the non-bull digits can only be rearranged to allow one 1 to be a bull. <br/> <br/><b>- Example</b> 3: <br/> Input: secret = "1", guess = "0" <br/> Output: "0A0B" <br/> <br/><b>- Example</b> 4: <br/> Input: secret = "1", guess = "1" <br/> Output: "1A0B" <br/>   Constraints: <br/> 1 <= secret.length, guess.length <= 1000 <br/> secret.length == guess.length <br/> secret and guess consist of digits only.