# 79. Baseball Game
### Difficulty: Easy
You are keeping score for a baseball game with strange rules. The game consists of several rounds, where the scores of past rounds may affect future rounds' scores. <br/> At the beginning of the game, you start with an empty record. You are given a list of strings ops, where ops[i] is the ith operation you must apply to the record and is one of the following: <br/> An integer x - Record a new score of x. <br/> "+" - Record a new score that is the sum of the previous two scores. It is guaranteed there will always be two previous scores. <br/> "D" - Record a new score that is double the previous score. It is guaranteed there will always be a previous score. <br/> "C" - Invalidate the previous score, removing it from the record. It is guaranteed there will always be a previous score. <br/> Return the sum of all the scores on the record. <br/>   <br/><b>- Example</b> 1: <br/> Input: ops = ["5","2","C","D","+"] <br/> Output: 30 <br/> Explanation: <br/> "5" - Add 5 to the record, record is now [5]. <br/> "2" - Add 2 to the record, record is now [5, 2]. <br/> "C" - Invalidate and remove the previous score, record is now [5]. <br/> "D" - Add 2 * 5 = 10 to the record, record is now [5, 10]. <br/> "+" - Add 5 + 10 = 15 to the record, record is now [5, 10, 15]. <br/> The total sum is 5 + 10 + 15 = 30. <br/> <br/><b>- Example</b> 2: <br/> Input: ops = ["5","-2","4","C","D","9","+","+"] <br/> Output: 27 <br/> Explanation: <br/> "5" - Add 5 to the record, record is now [5]. <br/> "-2" - Add -2 to the record, record is now [5, -2]. <br/> "4" - Add 4 to the record, record is now [5, -2, 4]. <br/> "C" - Invalidate and remove the previous score, record is now [5, -2]. <br/> "D" - Add 2 * -2 = -4 to the record, record is now [5, -2, -4]. <br/> "9" - Add 9 to the record, record is now [5, -2, -4, 9]. <br/> "+" - Add -4 + 9 = 5 to the record, record is now [5, -2, -4, 9, 5]. <br/> "+" - Add 9 + 5 = 14 to the record, record is now [5, -2, -4, 9, 5, 14]. <br/> The total sum is 5 + -2 + -4 + 9 + 5 + 14 = 27. <br/> <br/><b>- Example</b> 3: <br/> Input: ops = ["1"] <br/> Output: 1 <br/>   Constraints: <br/> 1 <= ops.length <= 1000 <br/> ops[i] is "C", "D", "+", or a string representing an integer in the range [-3 * 104, 3 * 104]. <br/> For operation "+", there will always be at least two previous scores on the record. <br/> For operations "C" and "D", there will always be at least one previous score on the record.